Update changelog with notes for v1.4.2 (#3404)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.4.1] - 2022-09-07

### Added
- Support to node reattestation to certain Node Attestors (#3031)

> - Server now adds unique identifier to SVIDs subject (#3367)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The X509-SVID Subject field now contains a unique ID to satisfy RFC 5280 requirements (#3367)
```

> - Agents are shutting down when banned (#3308)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Agents now shut down when banned (#3308)
```

### Fixed

> - Vault Upstream Authority to prevent adding duplicate certificates (#3376)

Reviewer: I've made a suggestion to a change. I'm not sure we need to include this in the CHANGELOG though. There really isn't any user impact. This was more of a cleanliness change from what I understand. The X509CAChain is not stored in the bundle. The only impact from what I understand is the contents of the journal... which users won't notice....

What do you think?

```suggestion
- Vault Upstream Authority no longer adds duplicate certificates to the CA chain using Vault 1.11+ (#3376)
```

Author: mm I was not sure about adding it either...
I'm ok with removing it from changelog
